Donna Jochimsen: It's worked its way through. And I'm feeling better today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Donna Jochimsen: Good, good. No current virus or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. I can't catch it from me. Anyway, so
Donna Jochimsen: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how was your week
Donna Jochimsen: It was pretty good. My kids unexpectedly, all of them came down last week. Everybody was off work because of the coronavirus and the kids are out of school. So they came down and spent almost the whole week here.
Donna Jochimsen: Till Friday and then they got PANIC, DON'T Friday that they wouldn't be able to buy groceries. So they went home and
Donna Jochimsen: Go shopping
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did your dad, state your brothers.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, my dad stayed at his brothers. Everybody stayed away from my dad that nobody wants to get him sick. For one thing, but he is
Donna Jochimsen: He's got a cold or something.
Donna Jochimsen: Again, I'm sure it's not coronavirus I don't know where he would have came in contact with it so
Donna Jochimsen: Right, I'm sure it's just old but at his age. It's concerning anyway.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Um, have you seen a doctor.
Donna Jochimsen: He has not seen a doctor, yet he just started getting sick.
Donna Jochimsen: Not last night, but the night before that and
Donna Jochimsen: My brother had said that he was going to take him and I think I'm going to end up having to do it anyway. So
Donna Jochimsen: Probably. I think we're getting him and today was as quick as we can get him in. Is it Tuesday yes today.
Donna Jochimsen: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything's going good over there. So you still got
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, he's he's doing really, really well. I'm so glad that we finally got him over there. He was just being so stubborn about it. About not going and
Donna Jochimsen: I was a little worried because he was not happy being there. So I was concerned about that, but this time. He's doing really good he almost forgets that he has had another house, a while back.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, just everything's normal for him now. So he doesn't think that far back, and it's working out well.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: It is that's been a big relief off of me. It really has
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so besides spending time with your kids. What else have you been doing
Donna Jochimsen: Um,
Donna Jochimsen: Well, let's see. I did some painting in the house I done some work in my mind. Get out of your mind and in your life, but
Donna Jochimsen: It's a little odd. It's. I'm not sure I totally understand it yet. Excuse me. I don't think I'm supposed to understand it quite yet, but the first chapter is
Donna Jochimsen: Some about suffering human suffering and and what are you suffering from, you know, and so it's been a little bit. It's been interesting. They have you listed. How long has it been affecting you. Most, most of the things that that bother me. I've been there, most of my life.
Donna Jochimsen: That they have you go through and find which ones are actually connected to each other and it
Donna Jochimsen: Turns out pretty much all of them.
Donna Jochimsen: So, you know, maybe I can get down. I don't know. I'm trying to understand the concept. I get that. The concept is and they gave an analogy of you're in a constant war.
Donna Jochimsen: With anything this in this case yourself and you have to keep fighting and fighting and fighting. But what if you just didn't know what if you found a way to just step out of it.
Donna Jochimsen: So that's that just sounds really interesting to me. I really the way that I feel I know I've mentioned it before stuck it. It makes me feel like that might be a good way to get stuck.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just might
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As well. It might be
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I mean, I don't know, but I have nothing to lose and and I've already gained some insight. So it's definitely going to be worth it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, that's huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into what is second. What's the second chapter about
Donna Jochimsen: The power of human language.
Donna Jochimsen: And how words how words affect us just even words that we think about ourselves, you know, and how how
Donna Jochimsen: You can actually become that you think you're depressed, you use the word depressed about yourself all the time, you'll probably be depressed, you know, just things just things like that. I just, I haven't read too much of the second chapter. My kids interrupted my work, but
Donna Jochimsen: I'm, I'm looking, I'm really curious and looking forward to going through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: does sound like a really good book. What's the name of it again. I'm sorry.
Donna Jochimsen: Get out of your get out of your mind and into your life.
Donna Jochimsen: The new that it's the act concept.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, I know. I know that.
Donna Jochimsen: My there's mindfulness and this and I'm still practicing mindfulness. So that's been. It's not easy for me to be mindful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not
Donna Jochimsen: I've never really done it before. And it's, I have to work at it a little bit. My best way feels like when I'm out walking. I can usually stay focused on my surroundings and, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: So an everyday life. It's something I would definitely have to, to think about a lot more than I have.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. You can do it like you can start training your brain by doing it when you're walking, but also doing it when you're like doing dishes are doing laundry or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean when you're just doing the household tasks.
Donna Jochimsen: I do
Donna Jochimsen: I've noticed when I'm doing that, that usually my mind falls into the normal loop of thinking of the past or, you know, just things that really doesn't aren't helpful to me right now.
Donna Jochimsen: Right, gotta, like, make your mind go out of it.
Donna Jochimsen: I do I have to force my mind I but it's so used to doing that, that it's very automatic for me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's how most people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Donna Jochimsen: Sure, it probably is. Because you know unless you've thought about that. You don't you just do the same thing over and over again.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, it's making a conscious choice to get out of that negative headspace
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not always easy when it's not.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it's not easy, but, you know, thinking about the past repetitively isn't helpful, even if it's not negative. That's the past and
Donna Jochimsen: You can acknowledge it, but to keep your keep your head there. I do that sometimes about my husband, I'll think about that a lot. But it usually ends up making me feel sad and I don't want to feel that
Donna Jochimsen: He would want that there's no point in that, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long ago did you did your husband passed.
Donna Jochimsen: Away. It was two years in February.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're still in that grieving process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I am. Yeah, it got it got slowed down a little bit too because
Donna Jochimsen: At first, I was just in such shock. I mean, I don't know why, but I was in shock. I knew it was coming, but when I actually happened. It was quite a time of beings like in shock and not thinking about anything, one way or the other, and
Donna Jochimsen: Then I I did the old start taking care of everybody else, man. You know, and I I pushed it back even farther. So, I still have some grieving to do. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important when it comes up that you just feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean and walk through it. You don't want to sit in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, for too long but you definitely want it to come out, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Right, right. It does. It comes up at odd times when you know not expecting at something will remind you, and you know, I definitely am grieving is just, it's I kind of put the process off a little bit by avoiding a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do. I mean, I think that that's fine because I needed to do that. I, I was on my own. For the first time in my life I had
Donna Jochimsen: To get things situated. My kids were having a really hard time so I felt I needed to push it back a little bit, but it but it's there.
Donna Jochimsen: It'll just probably take me a little longer to do it. That would have normally
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Excuse me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm congested um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I haven't been anybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Donna Jochimsen: I get it. I know, but every I think for the next six months, people are going to be going oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is that
What I feel that way. Right.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm not really worried about it myself. And I'm more concerned about
Donna Jochimsen: You know, like my dad, giving it to my dad or something like that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, that would be a concern to you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But we, you know, again, we talked. I think I talked about it all day yesterday because people are just in this huge panic and it brings anxiety up, you know, which, you know, if you struggle with anxiety. Anyways, that's all you need is something like this to you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay in a panic state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And people are angry. You know, people are angry. They don't understand. You know why this is happening, why they can't buy, you know, but wipes and toilet paper and you know
Donna Jochimsen: I understand that part myself I
Donna Jochimsen: If I, if I was to go stock up on things. I don't think it would just, it would be toilet paper.
Donna Jochimsen: I'd want food.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right canned foods and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, stuff like that. Yeah, it's like the basic necessities of the first thing that ran out. It's kind of insane yeah hoarders. You know a lot of people took more than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Donna Jochimsen: Absolutely are still our local Walmart has that now put a limit on what how many of those things people can buy
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, because if you're hoarding so badly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, I don't get
Donna Jochimsen: I don't get my I don't get my my meeting or my a meeting that I usually go to they stop that for a while. It's at the hospital and they've been asked to not do it and I
Donna Jochimsen: Thought about doing it somewhere else and just decided that it was a large enough group that we just postpone it for a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still doing your online.
Donna Jochimsen: I am still doing my online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And is that gotten revved up a little bit because of all this. So people go online.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I think so. I haven't been doing it long enough to really
Donna Jochimsen: No, no, not familiar with all the people that you know that do show up there has been a lot of people there, though there has now that you mentioned it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. Finding out, you know, alternative avenues to be able to keep that connection going is important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Donna Jochimsen: It. Well, it's really good for me, too, because I live in this really small area. And so there's not there's a and NA. And that's, that's it. You know, there are no smart recovery groups or things like that. I have looked already to make sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but
Donna Jochimsen: So I like getting a little variety and being online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Good. I'm glad. And how have you been feeling any cravings any issues coming up.
Donna Jochimsen: You know not. No, I haven't.
Donna Jochimsen: Um,
Donna Jochimsen: No, I have not had any cravings, I have not. I don't, I don't even recall thinking, Oh, I wish I could use or, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're just you're living life and you're doing it, you're doing it, you're trying new things and you're putting positive in your brain, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're actually doing that internal work how that that type of stuff just kind of quiet. You know what I mean. You don't even realize it. That's what's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going on. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hang on a second. I got it.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, I couldn't hear you there for a minute. I turned it back up.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, okay. Can you hear me.
Yeah, there you are.
Donna Jochimsen: All of a sudden, I couldn't hear you. So I had to turn mine off and then back on.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're just gonna, you're going to keep working out of that book.
Right. Yes.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, I'm going to do the language or the words one this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're going to continue going to your online meeting and stay connected
Donna Jochimsen: Yes.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, I am. And most certainly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you get food. How has yourself Caribbean
Donna Jochimsen: It's been a while. It's been pretty good I
Donna Jochimsen: I I quit eating sugary things so that that's good. I don't know what I really don't know what happened. It's
Donna Jochimsen: When I quit smoking. It was almost like somebody flipped a switch. I bought in some hard candies, you know, and I was eating those all the time, but it was almost like it turn on a switch thing you want more sugar.
Donna Jochimsen: I was wanting to eat every sweet thing I could find it was almost I was almost a little scared by it. It was so intense, but
Donna Jochimsen: Like all things once I just made myself not do it for a couple of days that intensity went away.
Donna Jochimsen: And I've been able to step back from that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it takes like it's my understanding, it takes like three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before those cravings, you know, start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Decreasing and going away, but it's it's funny to me because, you know, this is the the subtle, subtle, subtle Miss of addiction, because it will veer you into some other direction. Like you hear people that are just, you know, continue are working, you know, insane amount of hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, right. And what are you doing for your recovery. Well, I'm working well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, what are you doing for your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Donna Jochimsen: That's where right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, that's, you know, that's just switching one addiction to the other, or going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The gym obsessively. You know what I mean, that's what still switching
Donna Jochimsen: Our minds. Just want to hold on to something that that we can do that will make you feel better.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, and you've been if you take away one your mind thinks of something else you could probably do.
Donna Jochimsen: That might make you feel better. While and yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean,
Donna Jochimsen: I'm going through. I'm living through all those things and I'm just trying to get to a place like I said with with mindfulness with my workbook trying to get into a place where that that is my self care right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. That's definitely really good self care and you're drinking. I know you've been sick, but you're trying to today's the first day with no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of that happening.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: It is, and I'm doing I'm eating and drinking fine I somewhat of fact, I had soup last night, and I've been able to drink water or
Donna Jochimsen: A cup of coffee this morning, just one, but I did have one so I'm pretty much back to normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. You still, you know, make sure that the next couple days that you still are taking care of yourself real well so that you don't get it right back. Because right now, your immune system, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: fighting off the sickness. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, it's a little bit. I'm gonna take my dad to the doctor's office later on today so
Donna Jochimsen: I'll be around someone who's sick with somebody something different. It's not a semi thing is is congestion and coughing and
Donna Jochimsen: So,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I'll be careful. I'll keep I'll take care of myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good, good, that's important that you do, definitely. What are your plans for this next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any
Donna Jochimsen: I don't have very many at
Donna Jochimsen: With this coronavirus thing my whole world's kind of altered somewhat
Donna Jochimsen: There's not many places to go and
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know. I think I'm just gonna I'll take dad to the to the doctor today and I my plan for the rest of the week is basically just to kind of hunker down and I've got my mother in law day on Thursday.
Donna Jochimsen: Once a month. She comes and gets me and we go do something together.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I don't know. We drive each other crazy over the years about we both loved your sign a lot and it makes her feel better to to be in contact with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. No.
Donna Jochimsen: You're somebody that once a month.
Donna Jochimsen: Once a month. I call it mother in law day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool that you do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of easy guys do.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, well, we've went to the beauty shop. We went out to lines. I'm not sure. Well, we're going to do on Thursday, since how they want you to stay in and not do to match, but we'll, we'll do something she might maybe she'll make lunch for me or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. And you guys have a good conversation.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, we do have a good conversation. There's been times and in our 45 years of knowing each other that we kind of class a little bit. But, you know, like I said, we both loved her love her son a lot and we find common ground in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. What is it, what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that bring up any of your grief when you're with her.
Donna Jochimsen: Know some Well depending on if I go to her house or not. She is the kind of person that
Donna Jochimsen: Like on the anniversary of all the first birthday that my husband had passed my kids all came to, you know, to gather around us knowing it would be hard and
Donna Jochimsen: We went to her house and she had like 20 picture albums out all over the house of pictures every age mark from growing all his growing up years and it was overwhelming to me.
Donna Jochimsen: And she still has a lot of pictures and moment as out and it's still, it's still a little overwhelming to me but and that does bring up some grief.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay well get, you know, be mindful about it, you know, this week. But if it starts bringing it up. Feel it.
Donna Jochimsen: Walk through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, just don't sit in it too long, go from, you know, when your mind starts going from the tragedy of the loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the good memories and holding on to the good memories. When you can get to that point where you know that's what you think about, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then you know that. Yeah. Mostly. Mostly. Mostly I do it, that is mostly
Donna Jochimsen: But there are still there's times when I get a little stuck in the sadness about oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. You know, that's, I don't think that we ever really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get over losing somebody I think that we learn to live without them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I would agree with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That hurt of the losses always there. But again, you know, when you get to a point where you can focus on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The good memories, more than the bad you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I definitely
Donna Jochimsen: I definitely do. I had to do that while he was still alive, he
Donna Jochimsen: Had he had cancer of the liver and
Donna Jochimsen: I knew that he was gonna die long time before he did so I had quite a lot of time. I agree. A lot before he died, actually, probably more before he died. Then after
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Most of the sadness and and loss came, even before he was gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. And then here comes the shock when it happens, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: It was I wasn't shocked but I'm anyway, which is odd because like I said, I knew for at least a year ahead of time that he was not going to make it. And, but it was still the whole thing was a shock wouldn't happen.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. Not a surprise shock, just a shock to your system.
Donna Jochimsen: Like your life is changing. Today was the day that you've been knowing is coming. It's here. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's still that piece of unbelievable where you just can't grass, your, your mind around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Around it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then once you get through that piece. I mean, again, it's, it's all a process of of that new learning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, really, is whether it is just like a living without drugs and alcohol. It's no different. It's like learning a whole different way of living without something in your life you know it.
Donna Jochimsen: That is true. It is. It is.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we're working on the book. This week I'm curious to hear about Chapter two, I'm going to look up the book.
Myself.
Donna Jochimsen: I I read a little bit of it. And I'd not enough to really grasp it. So I'll talk about it next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect no perfect. Just make sure that you know during this week that you don't find yourself stuck in your head, you know, in the negative headspace be mindful of where your head is, you know, during the day.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, this has helped me with that it's made me more aware that I'm in that space and don't need to be there anymore, you know. Mindfulness and Self me that much anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely when you're in a mindful state, you're also at the same time. What's going on underneath is this whole emotion regulation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Scenario that's happening underneath that mindfulness, right, because your mind is connected to your emotions. So if you're if you're pulling yourself out of that sadness. You're then also altering that emotional state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about it, and you're doing actually two things at once when you're doing it you know you're changing that that emotional process. But yet, you're also changing that mindset and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of an email. I didn't, I
Donna Jochimsen: Honestly, did not know before that I could even do that, really, I didn't even think about stopping you know getting myself out of that. I just sort of went with it and
Donna Jochimsen: It's been, it's been really helpful to know to say, Wait, I don't want to do that right now and and and go a different way. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We, I think we, you know, as humans don't realize how much control. We actually have, you know, internally, you know, my thoughts become things I do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get this daily affirmation from the universe is what it's called. And it's to UT ted.com is what it's called. So every day I get this morning affirmation about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How powerful, you know, our mind is and how thoughts become things and what we think we become and you know what I mean. And the more that I feed my brain that the more I realized that I'm in total control over what's going on over here, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I get to think the thoughts that I need to think or not thinking the thoughts. I need to think I get to feel the thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or feel the feelings are not feeling feelings, whichever it is. And when you get that to that point. And I'm still in in a learning curve. You know, I still
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go back and forth and back and forth, but I'm able to pull myself out of it a lot faster than I ever did. And it's kind of amazing. You know when you get to that point.
Donna Jochimsen: Where you can do that. I said I really wasn't aware that I could do that. I didn't ever think about it before so
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I can just go, oh, I don't want to think that anymore and
Donna Jochimsen: Like change the channel a little bit so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like teams and channel that's exactly it. I need to get off of this one and get get on over here.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the live channel you
Donna Jochimsen: Definitely, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how do you think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything is going with your recovery.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I think it's going really well. I have to find another sponsor.
Donna Jochimsen: My sponsor is retiring violently.
Donna Jochimsen: So that will be different.
Donna Jochimsen: I I'm gonna miss my my noon at the hospital meetings, but maybe I'll look and see if there's some another one that is going to continue. Part of the reason that they didn't as where they were having it.
Donna Jochimsen: They didn't want to be in the hospital sick people. Yeah, you know. So I think I will. I think I'll look around, because I it's I live by myself.
Donna Jochimsen: My kids are all little bit at a distance. So it's easy for me to just sort of get stuck with what you know in my house, what with what I'm doing. I'm not completely uncomfortable with that but it's
Donna Jochimsen: Essential for me to be out and around people.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to look and try to find alternatives to your meeting, you're going to work out.
Donna Jochimsen: And other local one. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: I pick my dad to the doctor or
Donna Jochimsen: Work on my book I still have a little bit of painting to do
Donna Jochimsen: And
Donna Jochimsen: Take care of myself this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. I'm glad. And how did it go spending out our sessions from one week to two weeks is that been working for you or
Donna Jochimsen: That's that was fine. Well, yeah, this week. It was like it was really a good thing because my my kids showed up unexpectedly. I was really busy this week. But yeah, I'm sure. I think this will be fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay. Perfect. All right.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I'm gonna let you and if not, if not, I'll bring it all mentioned to you like Kara did that.
Donna Jochimsen: I need an appointment. When I talk to you on Monday.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, so
Donna Jochimsen: If
Donna Jochimsen: Anything ever comes up, I'll do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, alright, so we'll just going to continue doing what we're doing and you're doing a great job. By the way, I just want to tell you that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You really are.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm really trying. You know, I'm trying so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll keep up the good work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And doing an awesome job. Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. All right, good.
Donna Jochimsen: I will see you Monday.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay. All right.
Donna Jochimsen: All right.
Take care of yourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Bye.
Donna Jochimsen: Bye.